docs for beyla (#421)
grafana/otel-checker: checks/explain/docs/beyla.grafana-cloud-submit.unset.md

---
id: beyla.grafana-cloud-submit.unset
title: 'GRAFANA_CLOUD_SUBMIT is not set'
severity: error
---

## Why this matters

When Beyla ships telemetry directly to Grafana Cloud (rather than through
a local OpenTelemetry Collector), `GRAFANA_CLOUD_SUBMIT` tells it which
signals to send. It's a comma-separated list — typical values are
`metrics`, `traces`, or `metrics,traces`. Without it, Beyla doesn't know

> which pipelines to enable and refuses to submit anything to Grafana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which pipelines to enable and will not submit anything to Grafana
```
